README.md, before:

intellij-sftp
=============

This allows you to configure a single path on your system that will save to a 
remote SFTP location whenever you save a file locally.

Example properties file:

	ssh.host=<your-host>
	ssh.password=<your-password>
	ssh.src.root=<the-local-root-path>
	ssh.port=<the SSH port, usually 22>
	ssh.username=<your-username>
	ssh.dest.root=<the-destination-root-path>

This file is stored in your home directory as "intellij-sftp.properties".

Logging goes to your home directory as "intellij-sftp.log".  

Where to get it:
================
Either download a version from here 

https://github.com/tweissin/intellij-sftp/blob/master/release/base-plugin.zip?raw=true

or configure IntelliJ to allow you to build plugins, and build it.

Then go to IntelliJ > Preferences > Plugins > Install Plugin From Disk > and choose the ZIP file.  You will be 
prompted to restart after installing it.

Improvements to make:
=====================
* Logging in this release attempts to use log4j, but I haven't worked it out completely yet.  
  So for now, the log is located in your homedir as intellij-sftp.log

* The settings dialog isn't pretty and could be formatted better.

* What is logged needs to be cleaned up.

* It would be nice to be able to sync both directions, or sync the entire directory structure.

Commit message:

add info about how to configure

README.md, after:

intellij-sftp
=============

This allows you to configure a single path on your system that will save to a 
remote SFTP location whenever you save a file locally.

You can configure it in Preferences > SFTP.

Example properties file:

	ssh.host=<your-host>
	ssh.password=<your-password>
	ssh.src.root=<the-local-root-path>
	ssh.port=<the SSH port, usually 22>
	ssh.username=<your-username>
	ssh.dest.root=<the-destination-root-path>

This file is stored in your home directory as "intellij-sftp.properties".

Logging goes to your home directory as "intellij-sftp.log".  

Where to get it:
================
Either download a version from here 

https://github.com/tweissin/intellij-sftp/blob/master/release/base-plugin.zip?raw=true

or configure IntelliJ to allow you to build plugins, and build it.

Then go to IntelliJ > Preferences > Plugins > Install Plugin From Disk > and choose the ZIP file.  You will be 
prompted to restart after installing it.

After installing it, configure it using the Preferences page.

Improvements to make:
=====================
* Logging in this release attempts to use log4j, but I haven't worked it out completely yet.  
  So for now, the log is located in your homedir as intellij-sftp.log

* The settings dialog isn't pretty and could be formatted better.

* What is logged needs to be cleaned up.

* It would be nice to be able to sync both directions, or sync the entire directory structure.
